well howdy there internet people it's
beau again you know all over the
southwestern United States you can find
these spirals that are carved into the
side of cliffs or painted on the side of
stones or whatever some are clockwise in
summer counterclockwise they're marks of
this ancient hero's journey
quest and it's a journey that is very
very relevant today and while I love
reading old wisdom I heard this story
about a decade ago or I had a campfire
not entirely unlike this one and
everyone had had a little homemade wine
in their system so if I get some of
these details wrong forgive me
it's the Hopi creation story and way it
goes after they emerge from the earth
because their world was destroyed they
found themselves here and I know that
sounds crazy but understand it is widely
accepted today that the Hopi are
descendant from the ancient Pueblo you
know people who carve to their
civilization into the earth on cliffs so
that civilization collapsed how would
you describe it
once they emerged they met the caretaker
and he said they could live here but
they had to protect it and make sure the
things that destroyed the last world
like greed didn't occur here they had to
find balance and he sent him on this
quest to find Center and at Center well
that's where they should build their
society so they set out in different
directions swearing to get to know the
earth with their toes and they marked
their path with these spirals as they
went some clans made clockwise spirals
and some made counterclockwise spirals
I love that story I love that as a
creation story from the very beginning
Han was seeking center trying to find
balance today every wise person is
seeking the same thing every
relationship average Society every
civilization is still seeking that given
my views it is not entirely lost on me
that the migration ended in the
southwestern United States I think of
future people on a hero's journey
because their world was destroyed who at
some date in the near future we'll
probably emerge from the earth out of a
tunnel and meet the caretaker
I wonder if the caretaker of tomorrow
will be as hospitable I wonder if he's
only gonna ask did they protect the
earth and try to find balance anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night